Did family, background, ancestry, race,
national origin have anything to do with? Outside
of work ethic, no. No, because we had every type. We
had Bohunks, Polacks, no names. We had wealthy. We
had poor. It didn't make any difference what your
dad did. It didn't make any difference where they
had gone to school, where they lived. A&M, you
know, friends at Texas, friends at SMU, TCU, Rice,
Baylor, family status was always important to
somebody somewhere along the way, but not at A&M.
A&M was, everybody's the same because we're all in
this thing together. And if you choose to run
against the wind, pack your bags. If you're a
tattletale or if you're a whiner, you weren't
welcome in the outfit they welcomed everybody
until they turned until somebody turns on the
outfit you don't squeal on your fish buddies you
stand together and I don't know I think that's you
want to talk about Aggie spirit it is about that
bonding together under and you get the same thing
in troops in combat and things like that but
they're they're shipped out and gone this was One
year of being a freshman, but also four years of
living together in the Corps of Cadets. And I hate
to say it, there's no way that these kids that live
in apartments that ride, take their automobile
in, get that class and leave, they're not part of
the A&M experience, unfortunately. Right. Now, I
don't need to ask you the next question. What did
you learn at A&M that's been important in your
life? You just said that. If you were a consultant
to the A&M leadership today, What advice would you
give them about making A&M's future as bright as
possible? I would continue to do everything I
could to encourage continuation and membership
in the Corps of Cadets and to do everything I could
from ever making any organization an elitist
organization that could have money tied to it of
any kind.
I don't even know about Caldwell House, except
it's very expensive to live there. But A&M has
always been a place for a poor kid from the country
to go to school. Now, I'm fine to make money, but
it's OK to go to college without wearing polo
shirts and dressing to the nines and driving a BMW.
I would continue Bonfire as it was. Safety
measures can be implemented. Supervision is
there and you can get outside people, A&M or not
A&M, you can get outside expertise to help from
safety, engineering safety, structure. It can be
done. It's too valuable a tradition to lose.
These are the things that I would like to see
continue. Remember the strengths that this
school was born on and why it was a school for the
common man. It doesn't mean lower your standards,
keep your standards high, but require something
more. Next to the last question. If you could make a
major gift to Texas A&M, let's make believe that
somebody hands you a check for a million dollars
and there's one restriction on it, it must be
passed on to A&M, but you can decide what would be
done with it. What would you have A&M do with a major
gift if you could make one? I would give it to the
Corps of Cadets and I would not put it into programs
so much as I would put it into
probably a mixture of continued leadership
training, perhaps better housing, perhaps Corps
scholarships to recruit the best and the
brightest to make it worthwhile for people on the
outside to see, hey, this could be a good deal. And
then encourage anything we could to make the
Corps, which is so central to the experience at
A&M, I would give every penny of it to the Corps of
Cadets. One of the things that the Corps is not
doing these days, Corps leadership, as far as I'm
aware, they are not going out to recruit bright
juniors. They're waiting until March and April of
their senior year. Way too late. Well, he decided
long ago where he was going to go to college. And the
brighter they are, the earlier the hustle. i i
really think that they need to do they need to
target juniors yes and on spend the night with the
corps they need to be very careful and i would
encourage the leadership that whatever outside
of your cadets whatever military personnel you
have i would make dead level sure that they are
hand-picked for the job to deal with these high
school students who are in the primordia when
they're in those formative years of thinking
about where they're going to go to school, that
sophomore, that junior. Let's get that military
officer that can be conversant and answer the
questions that the parents have and the kid has.
And those are hard to find in today's military. And
if not military, maybe some advisors, some people
that have been there. But yeah, those would be my
concerns. Last question. Last question. What
feelings do you hold for Texas A&M in your heart
today?
Warm and fuzzy.
It's an emotional experience that comes and goes
when you hear the war hymn. I left the drill field in
1972. I'm not one of these Aggies that I don't have
to beat every football game. We go about once, I
will go to a few more now. Boys are starting to
school, but it's more than who's paid
professional athletes can move the pigskin up and
down the football field. I'm sick of it, but it's
still, you know, we still like, you know, A&M
football games are neat, I guess, but very...
Deep, probably the single most important driving
force next to my salvation as a Christian has been
my four years in the Corps of Cadets at A&M. Did more
to, for better or for worse, for me as an
individual. They made my service life easy. That
made practice life easy.
Whatever else I have done in community or
veterinary medicine, whatever awards and things
I've gotten are all colored by my four years at A&M.
Not Robert E. Lee High School, not Trinity Day
School, but those four years at Texas A&M in the
Corps of Cadets did more to mold me for better or for
worse than the person I am. So, yeah, some deep
emotion, very deep emotion. That's a good place to
go.